# Allocation Categories

The HPC cluster offers different allocation categories to cater to diverse research needs:

* *Annual*: Suitable for small to medium-scale projects requiring moderate resource usage. This is provided by default to all HPC PI’s, 300K SU annually
* *Research*: Designed for computationally intensive projects requiring significant resources. Max 5M per year.
* *Education*: Designed for use in courses that incorporate HPC in their curriculum. Recommended 2500 SU/student

## Allocation Limits and Request Process
### Annual Allocation (300K SUs)

* *Who may apply*: Any qualified PI may request a Startup allocation for up to 300,000 SU's. The intent is to support low intensity projects, such as small analysis efforts or program benchmarking and characterization work in preparation for applying for a Research allocation.
* *How to apply*: An Annual allocation is provided by default to any qualified PI by requesting access to HPC resources.
* *Review and Awards*: Annual allocations may be made at any time throughout the year, but their start time is set to the beginning of the fiscal year. All annual allocations will be renewed automatically at the beginning of the fiscal year. PI’s should submit a progress report within 3 months of the new fiscal year. Failure to submit a progress report will impact the automatic renewal in the next cycle.

### Research Allocation (>300K and < 5M SUs)

* *Who may apply*: Any qualified PI may request a Research allocation for more than 300,000 SU's, up to the maximum 5,000,000 SUs. Research allocations are for a well-defined, compute-intensive project that demonstrably requires resources beyond the Startup limit. 
* *How to apply*: A request for an allocation requires that a formal proposal be submitted via InfoReady to the Research Computing Advisory Board (RCAB). The formal proposal must be in PDF format (check at [tex template](https://www.overleaf.com/read/mwpyfmyskfnm#da14df)), and should include a technical merit section within a **4-page limit. Proposals that fail to do so will NOT be reviewed by the committee**.